Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, they're going to calculate the sub total.
Okay, then they need to do this.
We're going to need to go back to Our Vinci Code and then.
The card items screen, and now we can then use control and be in the dark to make this white.
Okay.
I want to go to the top and just going to do this over here.
Now we are going to create a double variable and we are going to call this variable sub total.
Is going to be equal to the on the score cards.
Archibald's Darts Prize ten times.
Times on the score cards.
Archibald Dodds quantity.
Okay.
So we are simply saying we want two times the price with our many products we want.
Okay, nice control and save.
And then scroll down to.
Okay, where we are able to solve to do.
Okay.
We're going to get rid of this and use this.
Use this and a dollar sign and then core the subtitle.
Okay, this control is to save.
Okay.
You're going to see it now.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now, currently we said we want to do what we can as well.
Cee Lo wants just one per ounce, so he's going to calculate how many products we want, right?
Okay.
Currently we have one.
We have two products.
Right.
So we are simply saying we want to order to Gucci of our size shot.
Okay.
Well, we can say no, we don't really need to, but we just need one.
This will give us the price of one because it comprises like $99.99.
Right.
So we times this price by I mean the products we want, we should refer to as the quantity set.
Okay.
You can see.
Sounds good, right?
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.